docs: Add metadata to class-hash.adoc (#1176)
starknet-io/starknet-docs: components/Starknet/modules/architecture_and_concepts/pages/Smart_Contracts/class-hash.adoc

[id="contract_hash"]
= Class hash

> :description: A Cairo class hash is a hash of the components that define a Cairo class.

Author: ```suggestion
:description: A Cairo class hash is a hash of the components that define a Cairo class: `contract_class_version`, `external_entry_points`, `l1_handler_entry_points`, `constructor_entry_points`, `abi_hash`, and `sierra_program_hash`
```

:keywords: class hash, Cairo class hash, Starknet class hash, Starknet contract class hash
:stem: latexmath

> The class hash is a hash chain of the definition of the class.

Author: ```suggestion
The class hash is a hash chain of the components that define the class.
```
